I think we have better chances this year
than we ever have
I've say that probably every year and I
mean it every - every year but TL is
extremely strong I think 100 thieves
have some fantastic players as well and
I think that our team right now is
stronger than it ever has been well it
is the end of gauntlet I'm joined right
now by Jack from cloud 9 who has
successfully navigate his team once more
into worlds with coverage presented by
Omni / Jack what why are you always
destined for the gauntlet what happens
here apparently that's when we get our
you know our buff he ran away when we
were in the gauntlet so this is now I
think four times we have been the North
American regional champions which sounds
way better
well yes let's go with that that's fair
but it is pretty hype like actually
gauntlet is one of my favorite events
throughout the year it feels like a
really fun series thankfully you guys
the final boss this time but is it is it
scary is it exciting what is it like for
you when you guys get into this yeah I
think I agree I think the gauntlet is
one of my favorite events not just
because we've been winning but it's the
the best teams in North America fighting
it out for one spot it's like you know
win or go home and the results of this
game don't impact any other team besides
any of the two teams that are in that
match so it's a fantastic event and I'm
really proud that we'd be able to win it
now four times around well now you guys
are headed off you a lot of people might
not know this but maybe you can explain
what you do when you every year when you
realize your team is head towards the
gauntlet so you don't have very much
time from when the gauntlet ends until
the first day of plans
we've only like something like a week
and a half or so so in order to maximize
that amount of time that we have we want
to get to wherever we're playing to get
acclimated to the time and also get some
scrims in so that we are properly
prepared for four world so generally
that what that specifically
means is I've already booked hotels I've
booked flights I've gotten computers to
be set up and it's a bit of a gamble
because we don't know if we're gonna win
the gauntlet we have really tough
competitors so we're flying in just a
few hours to two worlds and there was a
lot of preparation that my staff put in
to make that happen as well as dollars
and you because everything's been booked
already like I think after after last
weekend I saw you in the hotel and just
like always you booked the the plane
flights a week out even though you don't
know if you're gonna make it out yeah
we've already had the flights booked the
hotel reservation set up because we
we're gonna get on the plane in a few
hours here when we land we can't go oh
let's go find a hotel let's go get like
computers we we had to have all the
setup in anticipation of actually of
actually winning and thankfully so far
my team has always come through and made
that happen because I can't imagine how
depressing it would be to actually
cancel those reservations and and I've
wasted that the time and effort getting
the boot camp set up do you do you think
that you guys are the third best team in
North America because that's how you
will be seated in two worlds and I'm
very curious to hear your take on that
it I I don't really think of it like
that you know tl was definitely the best
team of the finals but I don't
necessarily think of the best team of
today and each day and each meta changes
that happen along the way changed that
balance of that so I go into Worlds not
really thinking ourselves as the third
best team and at this point we've got
really good relationships with the teams
that are like in Korea and I'll be
participating in a world so we're gonna
get good scrims and we're gonna be
shooting for semifinals are better at
Worlds what do you think planes actually
might help you guys a little bit because
as much as it's nice to be able to avoid
those those are additional matches that
you get to play that others don't before
you get into group stage yeah it's it's
a good question and honestly like when
we were talking with the team after the
match we're like we definitely feel
that's a huge advantage for my team
specifically because we've got three
rookies
to Korea this their first world they've
only had very limited big study
experience
last week and when if we get through the
plan stage and I'm sure I'm sure we well
but if we get through the planned stage
we'll have spent a lot of time on stage
gotten those jitters out before the
group stage happens and in for us that's
highly valuable I would you know if I
had to choose one of the other I would
rather have a play on stage to actually
get that experience and that you do get
that experience have you guys mentioned
publicly what your lineup will be for
worlds because unfortunately you guys
have been running a seven man roster six
man roster cap for world so one you know
do you have you guys said publicly what
that roster is gonna be into you know
how what is it like dealing with sort of
that strange limitation going from seven
to six four worlds so we will be taking
all seven players out two worlds I don't
actually know when we have to report
what our roster will be so that might be
something that needs to get figured out
but we'll be waiting to the last
possible moment to sort that out and
then make that announcement what is it
like for you going from having to make
that decision in the next couple of
weeks or Reaper tour the combination of
you guys figuring that out what is it
like having to go from seven to six that
it must be a little weird yeah it's not
it's not fun I and I hope that in the
future that I think professional legal
legends has matured a lot uh since the
beginning of worlds and we are
definitely we definitely got to a point
where we should be looking to increase
the rosters teams like in Asia have had
large rosters for a long time it's
somewhat new for the West but I think
that a lot of teams would appreciate
being able to bring like their full
roster and to be able to swap around as
needed so I do hope that in the future
that we see larges were at larger
rosters available at Worlds and for us
right now it's it's really difficult
because not only are the seven guys that
are gonna be going out to Korea with us
okay huge part of why we're even here
but the entire ten man roster including
including all that guys who are on
academy that they are a big part of why
we are where we are now so
it's really disappointing to have to
actually say okay these are the sixties
we're gonna use on stage I think it
hurts our flexibility and one of those
guys is just as deserving to be there
and he won't be what this question I ask
every year what our North America's
chances at this League of Legends World
Championship so I'm really sad that TSM
can't go because they're a fantastic
team Fox is a fantastic team and I think
they would be really well out there as
well I think we have better chances this
year than we ever have I've say that
probably every year and I mean it every
- every year but TL is extremely strong
I think 100 thieves has some fantastic
players as well and I think that our
team right now is stronger than it ever
has been I believe he was the the former
head of the German office the EU LCS
office a guy named Jason who is no
longer at riot he tweeted yeah Jason yeh
he tweeted as Team Liquid was playing
last week it's a pity that something to
the effect of it's a pity that Team
Liquid has to play in North America
where there's no other big rival there
so ahead of everybody else if they were
in Europe they would at least be top
four what do you what do you think sort
of that take especially coming from the
guy that used to run things over there
it is so easy to fly well you know
there's two guys that used to run right
LCS that are managers of teams and they
they didn't even make playoffs so I
don't really know if you can really
think about their ability to discern
what makes a good team or not if it's
really valuable so instead of that we'll
pass it off that way is there I mean as
he was saying this as you guys were
losing on stage last week so I think
it's it's not hard for you to hold back
on on that yeah but professionally just
smack it down very good any anything
else that you would say to any of the
fans out there I mean we kind of already
did the interview of around like people
thought you guys cuz suck and then you
made to the finals like
anything you would say now that you guys
are headed off to world's huge shout out
to coaching staff and our managers and
to all 10 players on the League of
Legends team you guys made this happen
you never gave up you always had a
positive attitude and you deserve this
and I'm super proud all you guys thank
you so much for the interview looking
forward to seeing how cloud 9 does at
Worlds in the past you guys have given
us hope whenever other teams haven't so
we'll see if the the lineup this year
can do the same for everyone else you
can check out the rest of my coverage of
all things eSports right here on my
youtube channel
hi everyone thanks so much for watching
my video this has been sponsored by only
flash pier charges to be $40,000 per
interview to do this so if you want to
place it on my patreon and donate or
subscribe or whatever and anything helps
I feel like my head feels really big
you